enh(mc): updated hardware-servers-hp-ilo-xmlapi (#2776)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-servers-hp-ilo-xmlapi.md

id: hardware-servers-hp-ilo-xmlapi
title: HP Ilo XMLAPI
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **HP Ilo XMLAPI** brings a host template:

* **HW-Server-Hp-Ilo-Xmlapi-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Server-Hp-Ilo-Xmlapi-custom" label="HW-Server-Hp-Ilo-Xmlapi-custom">

| Service Alias   | Service Template                        | Service Description |
|:----------------|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------|
| Hardware-Global | HW-Hp-Ilo-Hardware-Global-Xmlapi-custom | Check components    |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **HW-Server-Hp-Ilo-Xmlapi-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Hardware-Global" label="Hardware-Global">

The list of metrics can vary from one model to another.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: what about this sentence in the old doc? "A reading account is needed on HP ILO card."

> To be able to query this API, you must create a login/password. You are adviced to check the constructor's documentation to find how this is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to query this API, you must create a login/password. Check the constructor's documentation to find out how this is done.
```
